Now.
Everyone, welcome to one of the greatest problems application and rule resolving the tower of no problem.
You do not know about it.
It's a very simple problem.
I first met this problem in a movie called it was Rise of the Planet of the Apes.
So what what is the point of this problem?
This problem is simple, but that you have brought dots initially.
You can see we have to.
You wrote ABC.
And you have and disc.
And you can see these are the full disk initially.
One, two, three, four, eight.
Where do you go?
What do you have to do is you have to place these and disk.
You have to pick these and disk and place this disk from right here to right.
And you can use rugby be what's the catch here?
The catch here is some of you might be wondering, like, just pick it up and place it.
No.
So the catch is you can just pick up one disk at a time.
And the second thing is, you can.
Only place.
A small desk on the top of the on the top of the bigger desk.
That means you can not, you know, place A small desk on B and then a bigger desk on B and then A more
bigger this.
This is not possible.
Smallest can only be on the top of another bigger disk.
We have three roads.
We have endless in our case and is for.
And what we have to do is we have to please our leaders from a to Nazi by using not be afraid, but
what they mean by using our means.
I can use abroad means anyway.
But in the end, my problem will be so when the situation of these rights are like this.
All these rights.
On the right.
And of course, there won't be any road.
Well, so this is the final situation, the final condition of my problem.
Okay.
So let's play this game for some very small number of thoughts.
Initially, let me happiness.
Too late.
Right now, I'm just I just want to make the problem very clear.
It's.
I have only.
Are is cool.
So what's the best way to move bodies to this?
To see if I please the elderly, let me give them numbers.
So I will always number them according to their size.
So one will be the next with this mollusk.
This second will be the bigger disk.
So in the first of what I can do is I can pick up the smallest disk from E and move it to the right.
So what is it?
Is it to see means only one thing that the disk which is on the top of it is big, then move to see.
So we don't have to mention one or two over there because it will be exactly one disk on top of any
of the rods.
So if I move it from A to C, then the second step can be I can then move from A to B.
That means after performing, you do see what happen.
This thing happens.
Eight now I after performing, it'll be what happens.
I'm picking up this disk and I'm moving it to be right to let me pick it up and move it.
To be that this is a bigger disk and a.
Now let's say I'm moving at this from C to be because C goes now I cannot move.
It is from B to C, is it.
I cannot move a disc from B to C because this the desk could be is greater than it discourtesy.
So if I'm over this from B to C, this will happen.
But this is this is exactly what we don't want.
A smaller desk cannot be a down of a bigger desk.
So always the desk should be an ascending order.
Right.
And now, as we can see, we're kind of stuck over there.
Or what?
What we can do is we can do this.
Alter that insert of B to C.
Let's say you do it.
So this mollusk reaches there.
And finally.
B to c.
B starts from here to there.
And then the last one can meet you to E.
E.
It is a way for you to see.
Then it will be.
Then see to it.
And then B to C and then you to see it.
In this way, we are placing these to this for me to see.
Right.
But some of you might be wondering that, of course, this is a possible way.
But is this the shortest to be?
Nor I.
So I always want the shortest way to make the disk from it and give the disk to see.
So this is, of course, not the shortest way.
So let's see what is the shortest way.
You can, of course, pause the video and think about it yourself.
I'm taking an example of to this because.
It's easy to understand.
You can try this for three days as well.
Tree is a very nice example.
Yeah.
So let's find the shortest tree in the shortest we.
What we can do is instead of making it seem more, let's make it to be more first aid.
So it will be what happens this quarter.
It is B now let's move.
To see.
The bigger disk is here now.
And now let's move B to C, o, b to c, o.
The shorter disk is on the top of C, but this is exactly what we want.
We want to use B, we want to start placing the disk from A to C eight.
So yeah.
I hope there is no doubt here.
Of course you feel free to try this for three described.
Here you can see the shortest part was for three length.
So in just three steps I was able to move full disk from E to see using b.
Now of.
You all can try.
What will be the best way to move this disk from A to C using me?
And now the number of desk history.
I'm just leaving this to you.
Maybe pause the video and try to do it yourself.
You would understand the problem.
And they just keep one thing in mind at just a bigger disk.
If there's a bigger disk and you don't, it will be the down rate.
That means there should be no bigger disk on top of any of the smaller disk.
Well, yeah, we just need to keep that condition in.
Now.
Now, let's see.
How can we use recursion to solve it?
What?
What does recursion always do?
We've always known that recursion is nothing but rewriting a problem to solve problems and asking that,
okay, to solve this problem, why don't you solve the part of it?
We will make a move.
And then.
Do solve another part of it.
Basically what we do is we will divide these and these into parts and we'll say, why don't you just
solve this part?
Because that will be a same problem that is moving this from our particular right one to the particular.
And we will see that, okay, you solve this problem and then you solve the another problem.
You solve the end of this problem.
And then finally a problem with this heart rate.
So let's see, how can we divide this, our finite into some problems?
Well.
So I'm taking this example of I would prefer 4 to 3 roads.
Let's dig in.
Okay.
Let's say I have this example of.
Three darts pool.
So let's try to understand what we are, what we'll do by using recursion.
We have three, right?
Right.
No man is equal to three.
And now, you know, what does it do?
So reducing means and is equal to the.
So in Italy, what we will say is we look here, we have a function that will solve this and let's call
it a night out of an eight.
In short, what I'll call it I'll call it if.
Well, the what will evolve in Italy there just got in.
It is true in our case we will see that.
But our when I which is f and a.
Pharma B pharmacy.
What will it do?
What does this represent?
It will represent that.
Please.
And risk.
E.
To be using.
The goal here is just another concept, which is it's not a new concept, it's just really just named
them.
So here you can see it is ABC.
Instead of ABC.
Let me write it in a generic way.
Write it f off and comma.
Ramrod.
That means from where we are picking these ends, means from where we want to descend, ought to be
pegged.
And that third variable will be the ox.
Right?
What is it is auxiliary rod, which is the helper rod.
So we can call it helper helper or as well it we call it helper.
Alberto So we are.
But it's the same because we are using.
We have to pick up the disease from me.
Will you help take the help of B and we'll move them to C?
And the third one is Europe.
Like where?
All this and this is Indian.
This is my state of recursion.
So this is what I want recursion to solve.
So what should be my initial goal of the recursion?
I just simply ask the recursion to go big three.
In this case, liquidity.
This is my initial call widget entry on my ecom e-commerce book Place the three desk from me you see
by using me.
But how will you do it?
It's the most important part, right?
So now just.
Let's just think about it.
Let me.
Yeah.
Just think about it.
We want three days from E to be moving to C by using B eight.
So what?
So tell me, what?
What will be the final case?
Like, what should be the end step of this movement?
It's a we have finally moved the end step.
That means D let's think far ahead and building.
What is the end?
End step?
Right in the end.
What would be happening?
Uh, let me.
Actually, we are.
What we are doing is we'll just reset from back, right?
So this is the end condition that we want for this end condition to fulfill.
What what what is the last step that that would have been performed?
You can see that the last episode.
Leasing.
Yeah.
Technically quickly and we see the.
Can we say if we get this as a state that means you.
It means to.
Yeah.
That means fuzz to disk on B and the last disk on C.
Then we can complete our work by placing this one over here, two over here, and then one back over
here.
Right.
So basically, if we are able to figure out this date, then we can figure out the final state or in
short, what agencies.
This is also possible that I ask the question to please, please, just please do disk on B eight instead
of all the trees this to see.
I'm just asking you to place the top two disk on be explicitly basically this column which is f of two
comma.
Vital because I want it to place only two disk.
It would be right these two days from here in Italy.
These two were on a great visit to be.
Right.
By using the.
But basically what's happening.
I have three days I want to play.
Explained it Autodesk to B by using C.
That's what I'm asking the government to do.
It's what this function F will do, right?
It will just take the risk based it on B using C, you don't have to worry.
Weird how it is doing it.
They will trace it back.
But this thing.
I'm just thinking of doing the problem.
So.
Oh, yeah.
I'm just taking some space at me.
It is.
Thanks.
It.
Hmm.
Okay.
What?
Yeah.
Let me just write it over here.
If I were to place this two disk on B by using C from me, then what I intend to do, it'll make a move.
What is a move that I'm making?
I'm saying now make this move.
It is easier to see.
Right.
And now what's the situation here?
The situation is simply that this is the situation after these two steps are performed, one and two.
And what will be the third step?
Now, a third step is nothing.
But as you can see, again, it is a sad problem.
I want to place this two disk.
You see Crombie using it?
Right.
So what will be my function over here?
Leader to risk from b.
You'll be using it.
I hope this is clear.
Let me quickly.
It.
Read all these three steps again and.
So this is what we started with.
So instead of two let me it and minus one eight because.
It will work for all in.
But yeah.
So in Lauletta we have four of these.
So anything close to four.
Now what I want is initially I want.
Yeah.
But in initially what I want is I want f off and pharma e comma e comma.
Steve is.
From all this forward, put it to a C by using B ain't how we will do it.
We don't have to worry about rate and how we wanted to do it.
Is this seven what to do instead of one big this city?
Right.
Place it from me.
To be by using C.
So somehow is and this is a problem.
This is a thing that let's say if I don't have the food, this is under this as a problem that instead
of now moving this tree this to C I want these three days to move to be right it's just there that helpers
changed.
So if I would have wanted it to shift to C, I won't be to be helping it.
But now I want it to be helping it because I want these three days to move to b eight.
Basically initially what's happening I'm calling this which is from dignitary risk from me mover to
B by using C rate.
But after this function, call is over.
That means I have already moved this disk to.
Think that means.
I'm calling the diggers and I'm saying solve this problem for the discussion called and function.
And of course, that will only work according to the to the regulation that we have today.
Basically, this is the first step that's happening after the function.
Yeah.
Now, now we'll just assume that this is the current state.
When I read your step to this is the current state of my solution.
When I reset step two, this is the current state of my solution of what is disturbed.
And I'm doing.
I'm just moving it to see that means I'm taking the bigger one, moving it to me.
That's what it means.
And now what is the third step that I'm doing?
I'm seeing.
That.
Okay.
Now again, we had n minus and minus one.
He had this and minus one disk on B, right.
So from B moved on.
And my point is to see by using it.
Isn't this a sub problem?
Okay, so this is a sub problem.
Look, we somehow moved it in minus one disk, you see, by using it.
And when all of these will be more than what will happen.
We'll get a final.
Some of you might be might be wondering, because, of course, it's a it's not a live lecture.
It's an online record.
You might be also wondering that how will these three move to this particular sea ride?
So let me give you a quick example.
Eight.
But this is what the occasion is about.
And believe me or not, this is one of the most famous and most tricky and most.
Challenging problem that I've seen in The Guardian and it.
Yeah.
So, yeah, some of you might be wondering that.
Okay, let's talk about the first step.
Only let's not talk about the second step.
Right.
And what I'll do is I'll just these the function calls.
Well.
So this is.
And right now, I'm just digging through your desk.
Well, what will happen?
Are you.
Initially what will happen?
I just call it f e e e e move these three from A to C by using me for what will this function called?
Give me it will say F and when is when ACB which is f?
You know, the from Doris.
Estelle and.
Move these these to be by using sorry moved is this to be.
By using see they too.
Don't forget this rn to help and.
And from help to nature.
This is what we are generally doing on this trip.
ABC will call to ACB.
That means somehow.
Liz, stop to this from me.
You see why you want me to be by using the to?
Don't get confused.
Well, now, let's see.
This function has been called.
What was the second step?
And they will also third step for this.
Let's just read what will be costly.
This function will be called because we are calling the regression to solve it.
Now what will this do ACB do?
What will this do is if we do a bit issue, we will again call it f off because you know, it is recursion,
right?
So end is calling and minus one.
Similarly, this to ACB.
Now, this is a new state and this state will call one.
Late word was this from a.
Move.
Those are two days to be by using C, right.
So now what will what will be the new stadium?
Move one desk from here.
Do.
You will see by using B.
So let me quickly try to do it as well.
NW to.
Uh, help and.
It is very tricky.
Yeah.
From help to this calls and minus one.
From help to so calls from.
To help the new the new help, but is the one advice we are going to need.
So which is this one ABC they.
So what will this call it will call F of zero from E to C by using me.
But we can't place zero this rate, so it will come back.
Now what will happen?
Now this second step will be performed for.
This state, which is f.
Yeah.
Which is nothing but.
Move one desk from here.
You can see it to see what here I read and you do see red but it is what it is.
Ah from help button to right but don't get confused by ABC and from helper to aid because they are kind
of of same things for a same state.
But ABC's will change.
Sometimes it will become from sometimes it will become helper and sometimes it will become Durant eight.
But don't get confused in this will you know what will happen from one e using be put it on C but what
it will do is it will.
It will just imagine one has been put on the road and now what it will do is it will just move it to
be made to the second or it will come here.
That means the first right is over here.
I hope we are getting the whole portion of it or what we can do is we can also, you know, it is being
ready now for me to make you realize the whole discussion right now with here.
But what I can do is I can call it and then in the court only we can trace it.
What are the functions that are being called and what is a movement that is being made?
And that will be very helpful.
Helpful for me.
Well, this was the first step, right?
And A, B, C, but if I want to generalize it, how can I generalize it?
I will simply say F and.
From Helper.
Do we want to move this?
Why do you do?
You firstly move and minus one from here.
Only using where I want to go to the help of the helper road.
So if this happens, then in the second step you perform this, which is from you.
That means that because we have moved and minus one disk that that means there's only one this left
on the from God.
I'm moving this one.
This from from not to to it.
Now what the third step we had this end minus one doesn't mean is when I kept in waiting on the helper.
Not right.
So pick them from the helper.
I'd use the current surrendered which is different door and okay and minus one.
Yeah.
Big them from the helper use the corridor which is now empty because you know we have made this move
which is after the and of.
Yeah.
Big dent from the health budget.
It was the current drawbridges from and move them to the road.
This is a normal regulation that will coordinate in the next video will just squirted and see.
I will just bring don't bring down some value.
Then the output will go.
Yeah.
Thank you.